so after the success of Ironman and its
sequel as well as the well Incredible
Hulk was also released the Avengers
train rolls right on over to for the god
of thunder the comics are based loosely
off of Norse mythology and as such a lot
of it is pretty familiar the issue with
the four comics is that other than a
great run by Walt Simonson the comics
aren't that interesting how Ironman
wasn't that interesting so it seems you
really can't gauge how good the movie
will be on how interesting the comics
are one interesting thing to note is
that this maybe Forrest first appearance
on the big screen but it's not his first
movie appearance in the 80s there were a
string of Incredible Hulk movies made
for TV which were based off of the
popular TV series and for appeared in
one there was also one with daredevil
but we don't speak of that anyway in
this movie it's been ages since Odin the
all-father has won a war against the
frost giants and he keeps a magical
artifact a casket of immense power as a
trophy
Odin is getting old and taking more and
more frequent and lengthly trips into
the odinsleep
so he's ready to appoint a successor his
eldest son for at Forrest coronation
however some frost giants get in an
attack despite his father forbidding it
Thor decides to attack their realm along
with Lady SIF the Warriors three and his
brother Loki they get into a battle and
they managed to do fairly well but are
eventually overwhelmed by the frost
giants superior numbers and have to be
rescued by Odin Odin punishes Thor for
possibly reigniting a war by stripping
up of his powers and sending him to
earth however just in case Thor
eventually learns his lesson he sends
along his hammer Mjolnir as long as with
the stipulation that someone has to be
worthy to lift it and gain the powers of
for anyway Thor is now mortal and on
earth where he's repeatedly hit by a car
but it's not all so bad because it gets
Natalie Portman making kissy faces at
him and that's all right he eats he
smashes coffee Copsey goes into a pet
store looking for a horse and generally
acts like a jackass yeah this is the
awkward middle act where the movie tries
to be Crocodile Dundee in Asgard Loki
finds out that he's half frost giant and
loses his
Odin falls into the odinsleep and Loki
becomes king Loki uses his gift of
deception to tell for to stay the hell
on earth
he can never come back the government is
expecting the site Romney on their
landed and Agent Coulson shows up to
confiscate Jane Foster's work yeah
that's Natalie Portman four attempts to
get her stuff back as well as his hammer
there's an early cameo by some guy who
later turns out to be Hawkeye and four
can't lift the hammer
anyway SIF and the Warriors find out
that Loki is behind everything because
duh and they attempt to rescue Thor from
the destroyer who Loki sends to earth to
destroy Thor mans up and stops being a
douche and is able to weld his hammer
again and beats the snot out of the
destroyer and then must return to Asgard
to face his brother Thor has a great
opening act and a great ending my only
issue is the middle part it's important
to the plot but it goes on for too long
and it relies too much on light-hearted
comedy and it's jarring with all the
serious stuff also going on for works
best when it's exciting and exotic and
suffers when it's trying to be cute I
saw four originally around the same time
that I saw a Green Lantern now if you
remember my review of Green Lantern it
was similar it started great it faltered
it crashed and then it managed to come
back at the end but after repeated views
I think four is a little bit better and
it lends itself more to a second viewing
this is due to the stronger performances
and more cohesive script Thor has a few
moments where it's more like a TV show
than a movie but then when the awesome
stuff happens at the end you basically
forget about all that so I have to say
this one's pretty damn good I'm feeling
generous so I'm going to give it an 8
out of 10